[MALE PRINCIPAL]
[clears throat] Students,
we have been blessed
with cerulean skies.
Couldn't have asked
for better weather
this fine sports day.
Remember.
Demonstrate good sportsmanship.
And just have fun out there.
Very stirring words.
Thank you for that, sir.
And now,
the pledge of fair play.
The pledge...
We, the proud student body
of Katagiri High School...
[MALE STUDENT 1]
Is it me,
or is the prez looking
a little blue?
[MALE STUDENT 2]
Yeah, despite his red hair.
[MALE STUDENT 3]
That contrast is crazy.
[MIYAMURA] Looks like both
of his arms are still intact.
Hey. Good thing
it's cool outside, huh?
Lots of people
are in long sleeves.
Oh. You're right.
[crying]
[HORI]
Sengoku had a fit
when he heard
you were fired up for this.
-Called you a traitor.
-That traitor!
-[gasps]
-[crying]
[MIYAMURA]
Truth be told,
I think this kind of stuff
is boring.
I never had a reason to try
before.
But, this year,
I'll have to actually
put in effort.
To beat you.
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
Now, without further ado,
let the Katagiri High School
sports day begin!
[students cheering]
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
Right off the bat,
the East and West
are neck and neck!
No doubt
the second-year girls' hurdle
had everyone sweating!
Any thoughts, Mister Nakamine?
It was insane.
Yeah, it was!
Second-year ladies came
to represent!
So, the third-year teams
are running
the hurdle race next, right?
Yep, yep.
It's go time!
Hm. Have fun, but safety first.
'Kay!
Since you have legs,
and I'm partnerless
for the three-legged race,
what do you say we team up, huh?
Sign up for topple-the-pole
while you're at it.
The East is short one guy.
I would rather be a shellfish
right now.
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
Next up
is the third-year girls'
hurdle race.
Well, I got to run!
Go and kick all the butt!
-Ah!
-Ah.
I didn't realize
you were racing, too.
I bet that you're
super-duper quick, aren't you?
Nah,
I'd say I'm average at best.
[AYASAKI] Yeah, right.
Like I believe that.
[HORI] I shall mow down any
who stand in my way.
You've got this!
You do!
-Go for broke!
-West is the best!
Hear that?
Miyamura is cheering
his heart out for Remi to win!
I believe that he's cheering
for the entirety
of the West Team.
[FEMALE OFFICIAL]
Next heat, line up.
Since he's watching,
I'm going to work extra hard!
Yeah, um,
he wasn't cheering just for you.
If Remi wins,
Miyamura belongs to her.
'Kay, Kyon-Kyon?
Huh? Kyon? What?
[FEMALE OFFICIAL]
Get set.
-[pistol shot]
-[gasps]
Hey!
[MALE STUDENT 4]
Whoa! Ayasaki's fast!
[MALE STUDENT 5]
She the dark horse?
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
Team West's Ayasaki
is leading heat five!
[screams]
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
Uh-oh!
-That blunder is going to...
-Oof! That sounded painful.
I think she kicked it
on purpose.
Metal.
[cheering]
[HORI] She said that stuff
to get under my skin.
Damn it!
Look, folks!
Team East is trailing behind!
[HORI]
Thanks, Captain Obvious!
The East girl
bringing up the rear
is looking really intense.
Yeah.
We kind of sort of know her.
[Miyamura whimpers]
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
East takes first,
and West takes second!
[HORI] I tell my boyfriend
not to slack,
then come in dead last.
Man. What is my deal?
Huh?
[panting]
[MIYAMURA]
Hori! Don't give up!
[gasps]
Uh...
Ah!
She's the enemy. No cheering!
[MALE STUDENT 6] Finish strong!
Even if it's last place, okay?
Check the bat out of hell!
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER] Team East got
a burst of speed from nowhere!
-[AYASAKI] Kyon-Kyon!
-Uh.
[HORI] Could you not
with the "Kyon-Kyon" stuff?
Because you and Miyamura are
so lovey-dovey with each other,
Remi can hardly bear the thought
of stealing him away.
[HORI]
Freaking puppet master!
Just kidding!
Remi's heart belongs to Sengoku.
You just get flustered
so easily,
but it's really adorable.
Ah! Now listen, you!
Hey. There you are. Got a sec?
-Uh!
-[MIYAMURA] Did I interrupt you?
We're through.
So I'll be going now.
I'll even take your sign.
[MIYAMURA]
Oh. How nice.
Is your leg okay?
That hurdle race was impressive.
I was last place.
You looked like a regular pro
during your practice sessions.
But then you stalled out
for the real thing. Why?
-Because of you, that's why!
-Ah!
[MIYAMURA] Wait, then,
why did you speed up at the end?
[HORI]
That was also your fault!
[MIYAMURA]
What? I'm confused.
[HORI] And I'm going
to watch the next race.
You should make your way back,
too.
[MIYAMURA]
Okay.
[HORI]
Before you go!
Thanks for cheering.
Made me happy.
[MIYAMURA]
Sure.
Miyamura. Check it out.
♪
[ISHIKAWA] Look,
who's also repping team West.
[MIYAMURA] Can she even lift
the tug-of-war rope?
[gasps]
Hori-senpai!
Watch me compete, okay?
She is on the other team, right?
Think so.
Go, Sawada!
Give it all you got, girl!
Mm? Huh.
[ISHIKAWA]
Or not.
[chuckles]
[giggles]
For a quick second, I thought
our cheering was too loud.
Dude, who doesn't love
having people in their corner?
You eat that stuff up, too,
don't you?
[MIYAMURA] I've never really
done the "cheer thing"
on sports day.
And nobody ever cheered for me.
I suggest that you start
by cheering more for your team
than your opponents, rookie.
[MIYAMURA]
I got caught up in the moment.
Sorry.
Be real nice if you could
drown out the other team
while I compete
in the upcoming obstacle course.
If there's one person
who won't snub you
for cheering loud,
it's your boy.
[MIYAMURA]
Right.
[groans]
[SAWADA]
I tried so hard.
But the West Team lost.
Hey, don't let it get you down.
There
were a whole bunch of jocks
on Team East's side.
I wanted you to see me
emerge victorious and look cool!
[YOSHIKAWA] Take your tears off
Team East's turf.
Ishikawa is next up!
Cheer really loud!
Um. Mm-hm.
[both breathes deeply]
Iura! You had better dominate!
Second place is first loser!
Yay, boys! Go get them!
Ishikawa!
I wish I were on the West side.
My team sounds
like they'll kill me.
[ISHIKAWA]
Where's the prez?
Said he was only participating
in the mandatory stuff.
Now, on your marks!
Get set.
-[pistol shot]
-[boys grunt]
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
And the fellas are off
to brave the obstacle course!
First up is the balance beam,
and neither team is ready
to give up the lead just yet!
-Keep going--
-Ishikawa! Keep going!
What are you doing, Ishikawa?
Run!
All together.
[TEAM WEST]
Go for gold, Ishikawa!
-Hah!
-One more!
Ready?
[ALL]
Stay strong! Nearly there!
Girls calling your name.
Lucky you.
Yeah. Except there's also
one high-pitched guy mixed in.
[ISHIKAWA]
How about that?
Finally found your voice.
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
Gosh!
Which team
will pull off the win?
[MIYAMURA, AYASAKI, KONO]
Ishikawa's!
So you two you tied?
"That's pretty darn good
for somebody like Iura, right?"
[SENGOKU]
Yoshikawa's words, not mine.
Though you have my praise
as well.
That's praise?
Speaking of,
where are the girls at?
They're getting ready.
It's almost time
for the cheer competition.
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
All right, guys!
The moment of pompoms
is upon us!
First up,
the East Team third-years!
-Say it loud, everyone! Go!
-Uh, uh...
-E!
-[TEAM EAST] A! S! T!
We! Fight! You! Flee!
Ah! Isn't senpai the greatest?
Oh, absolutely!
Never seen a cheer
like this before!
That officially makes two of us.
I wonder
how Kyo-chan's boyfriend feels
watching this unique display.
[IURA]
Oh. We lost him.
[SENGOKU]
Figures.
[AYASAKI]
Take courage, Team West!
Ready? Okay?
[TEAM WEST]
Here we go!
We're the West! Win, win, West!
No stress, we're best!
Put our power to the test!
[cheering]
So Team East
was a hit with the girls,
and Team West won over the guys.
Wasn't Remi a little too cute?
Deep breaths, Prez.
Deep breaths.
[KONO]
Right. Right. Bounce and up!
Now punch to the left and pose!
[TEAM WEST]
Fight hard! Win big!
-[cheering]
-[panting]
I did it!
That was so much fun.
That was seriously hot stuff!
Like, I'm talking sweltering!
Right back at ya!
[FEMALE CHEERLEADER]
You're a star, Hori!
[HORI]
Aw, shucks.
[KONO]
Yoshikawa.
[YOSHIKAWA]
You rocked it out there, Kono!
Your entire team
looked fantastic!
You really mean it?
-Thank you.
-Huh?
You could've let me struggle
all on my own.
But you took the time
to help me learn the routines.
I should've thanked you sooner,
I know.
Hm. Miss sincerity over here!
I did mean every word.
[KONO]
Now there's a chance
Ishikawa noticed me
in a good way.
[Miyamura crying]
Dude, you knew it was coming,
so what is your deal?
[MIYAMURA] I wanted to see her
with pompoms and a skirt.
Hey, Miyamura.
Do you have a second?
[MIYAMURA]
You need me?
[TERAJIMA] Yes. One of our boys
is out with a nasty cold.
Will you fill in? Pretty please?
Last I checked,
you weren't signed up
for any solo events.
That's true. But, still.
-Um?
-Hm?
Are you sure I'm your guy?
I wouldn't have asked
if you weren't the one I wanted.
[sighs]
Yeah, uh, of course.
I'll be right there.
Thanks. You'll do awesome!
[MALE BULLY 1]
Miyamura came in third.
[FEMALE BULLY 1]
What a loser.
[MIYAMURA] These events should
just be for athletic people.
That's it.
[HORI]
Made me happy.
[TERAJIMA]
You'll do awesome!
[ISHIKAWA] Dude,
who doesn't love having people
in their corner?
[MIYAMURA]
I guess.
With the right people,
sports day
is actually kind of...
Now, the time's come
for our scavenger hunt!
The only co-ed event
we'll have today!
Find whatever's written
inside your envelope,
-bring it to the finish line!
-Hey, if you have glasses,
-get over here!
-Yo, ponytail!
First one to cross
the finish line
will be me!
That's great.
I can help you reach some other
goals in life, too, you know.
Um?
Hey, for curiosity's sake,
what's on that slip
of paper there?
[gasps] The, um,
youngest teacher at school.
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
That's a point for East!
[HORI]
Yuki took the top spot.
Better hustle, myself.
[pistol shot]
[HORI]
I'm gonna finish first, too!
Oh! I'm sorry!
This one's all yours, okay?
[MIYAMURA]
No, you take it.
Hori?
Miyamura?
What are you doing here?
Well, I'm subbing for someone
who's out sick with a cold.
Come on! Go, Hori!
-[Miyamura gasps]
-No, I'm falling behind!
[gasps]
♪
Ugh.
He's just doing a whole bunch
of nothing out there.
Both Miyamura and
Hori seem caught off guard.
Sometime today!
Stay focused, Kyo-chan.
You do realize
what side you're on, right?
The sidelines, preferably.
They were searching
for a student
to even out the count
for this very event,
but I slipped away!
[ISHIKAWA]
Why are you proud of this?
Huh?
[Sengoku grunting]
[SENGOKU]
Wait! Stop pulling!
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER] No! Could
members from both East and West
have drawn the same thing?
Is that even legal?
Let go!
He is what I need to find!
The same goes for me!
Please, don't pop my shoulders,
you two!
[AYASAKI]
Just hang tough.
[KONO]
Do your best, Sengoku.
Why are you cheering?
I'm not competing!
This isn't fair! [cries]
All right! The last two players
have crossed the finish line.
Simultaneously!
And they both brought
the student council president.
Okay, will you two explain
already?
Was I really the only person
who fit the description
of what you needed to find?
Hm?!
Kyo-chan's, I get.
But what's your excuse?
There are other skinny boys!
[MIYAMURA] I figured
I should find the skinniest one.
[SENGOKU]
Traitor! I can't believe you!
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
The third-year boys'
cavalry battle is starting soon!
All competitors,
assemble and get ready!
You'll obviously be our rider.
[growls]
Yet again, my weight betrays me!
If either of you were a base,
you'd snap in half.
We're human beings,
not branches.
[IURA] C'mon, Sengoku!
Since we're in it, let's win it!
Yeah, okay.
-Hip, hip!
-Hip, hip.
Dude!
You're supposed to say "hurray!"
The first victim
will be Sengoku.
-Understood.
-Yeah!
[grunts]
-Yanagi is a rider, too?
-Hey, feel secure?
Yes, thanks!
All the riders are the least
competitive people here.
-And up you go!
-Oh.
Whoa.
Ah, whoa!
[whistles]
I may be getting
into this a little now.
-Are ya?
-'Bout time.
The view from the top
is a beautiful sight to see.
[IURA] Sounds like we got
a real general on our hands.
Literally!
[ISHIKAWA] Amazing what a change
of scenery can do.
Let's do it to it, guys!
-Right!
-Uh-huh!
Sengoku! Score at least
one point or die trying!
No mercy!
[ISHIKAWA] Wow. Hori's cheering
for the prez.
That's what teammates do.
So of course she is.
Yeah. But,
aren't you kinda ticked off?
So, like, what's the game plan?
Well. Since the prez
is so clever and all.
Ah! Listen! I have an idea.
So, who do we cheer for?
The rider snatching
all the headbands,
or everyone involved?
Both! 'Cause
they're all working hard.
But a lot's riding
on the riders,
so maybe save most
of your cheers for them.
Okay.
This game's pretty complex.
[KONO, AYASAKI]
Miyamura!
We're rooting for you!
-Good luck!
-You can do it!
[ISHIKAWA] Is Miyamura
the only one they care about?
Sengoku!
Doesn't listening
to your girlfriend
cheer on Miyamura
get you fired up?
Teammates are supposed
to encourage each other.
What exactly
are you trying to imply?
[IURA]
Ignore me!
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER] It's time!
Take your places, everyone!
Keep it clean, and
to the best team go the glory!
Ready!
[pistol shot]
-Let's flank 'em, fellas!
-Go around back!
♪
[grunting]
Wait! I feel like
I was pretty close!
This Team West guy
is just grabbing at random!
Holy crap!
Hey, keep your eyes
open up there, buddy!
It won't help.
I forgot my glasses.
Yanagi is doing way
better than I thought he would.
Mister President.
This point is mine!
So give it here!
[grunts]
It seems Team West is
as nimble as a feather
in the summer breeze.
Anybody could've dodged
those wimpy swipes.
Think it's time
we took the offensive, yeah?
You got it!
[grunts]
Where'd his dog-eat-dog
spirit come from?
I think he tapped
into his inner general.
[grunting]
Okay.
[groans]
Concentrate! You're still
in the game, Sengoku!
Yeah, what Hori said!
Behead 'im if you have to!
Do you want Miyamura to die?
[MIYAMURA] Got his evasion
techniques down to an art.
[ISHIKAWA]
Miyamura.
I'm about at my limit here.
Could you get it in one go?
You're tired?
Makes sense.
Playing as a horse is no joke.
Something on your mind?
My nose is itching like crazy.
What a coincidence! Mine, too!
[MIYAMURA] It's gonna come down
to who wears out first.
Unless!
Ah, ah...
What's with the face?
So, prez.
Just wondering.
But have you noticed that
strange girl on your shoulder?
Right there?
Um.
[screams]
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
Um...
Looks like Team West takes
the win for the cavalry battle!
So they were at a standstill,
and Sengoku turned his head
for no reason.
Yep.
[MALE STUDENT 7]
Awesome job, Miyamura!
[HORI]
Man.
Well, guess it's whatever.
[YOSHIKAWA]
[gasps] It is not whatever!
Have you seen the score?
Come on, Remi.
Gotta move these chairs.
Until the afternoon,
we were the ones ahead.
But isn't it nice that Sengoku
could be on the winning team?
[chuckles]
[AYASAKI]
You practiced the cheer enough
to win the whole sports
day for us.
Huh?
[chuckles]
Not entirely accurate.
You did it enough to be
the cutest one out there!
Like,
it wasn't even a contest.
[KONO]
If you say so.
[MIYAMURA]
No wonder my nose hurt.
It's already red from sunburn.
Shindo is gonna
make so much fun of me.
Hm?
Hey, Hori. That you?
Oh, you're still here?
Yeah. But more importantly,
where are you off to?
And why're you wearing that?
Sports day's over now!
Yeah, I know,
but the girls
are taking a group shot
before we leave for the day!
I wore the boys' uniform
for the actual event,
so I thought
I'd change for the pic.
I did hand-make these pom poms.
Well, the boys' uniform
looked great on you.
Did it?
I have a hunch I'm the reason
we won the cheer battle!
[giggles]
[MIYAMURA] At least my sunburn
hides my blush.
[chuckles softly]
I had a cheerleader long before
sports day even started.
-She's been in my corner...
-Are you blushing?
...rooting for me to succeed.
I got sunburned.
And she's shining
brighter than ever.
Am I cute?
I was, uh, copying Ayasaki.
[MIYAMURA]
You are cute.
Cute beyond belief.
Ah!
[chuckles softly]
♪
You big dummy!
Dummy, dummy, dummy,
dummy, dummy!
Uh...
[MIYAMURA]
As far as I'm concerned...
today wasn't just
my last sports day.
It was my first.
And it was a lot of fun.
♪
The day may have ended.
But that feeling stayed with me.